Next, I'm going to show you how to create URLs in your web application,
so that they incur any required URL preparation artifacts.
Just a term by means of so-called link expression.
A type of ThymeLeaf standard expression.
Let's take all glad to demo first.
If it technically URL was set up in our view,
the first is we're passing nothing to the new page.
The second one, we're passing the ID,
and then to our new view.
So this is how this link get rendered in the browser.
So the first link if you click that,
it will take you to the demo view with no parameter.
If you click the second link,
you'll also go to the demo view,
but this time it will have its ID equals to one,
and then equals to Eric parameter within the western link.
That's it for our ThymeLeaf introduction.
If you want to learn more,
please visit this link and see what you can learn from ThymeLeaf. I'll see you later.